don't move let me see it don't move amy
can i see it okay ready
i love it that's super sweet because
it's terrible
[Music]
oh my god where have you been joel
amy i love you i'm gonna come find you
the day of the monster uprising
was the day i lost everyone
only a small fraction of humanity
survived and moved underground
i've been scanning for amy the entire
time
and now i finally found her oh hey yo
amy is that you oh my god
hey how far away is amy's colony
85 miles it's an impossible journey
everything we'll try to kill you
don't fight just run and hide ah okay
you're all alone me too you don't have
to talk about it
you wanna come with me
is that a samurai sword yeah yes it is
listen to your instincts out here man
what if i have terrible instincts
[Music]
you'll die super encouraging speech
you made it all this way for a girl huh
do you ever hear the term fools aaron
no amy i miss you so much
we have lost this wolf we can still take
our world back
you're more of a survivor than i thought
oh i feel like tom cruise